Merge main into beta (26.1 updates + rpk docs automation) (#1810)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/managed-connectors/create-mysql-source-connector.mdx

## Troubleshoot

If the connector configuration is invalid, an error appears upon clicking **Finish**.

> If the connector fails, check error message or select `Show Logs` button to find error details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connector fails, check the error message or select **Show Logs** to view error details.
```
